# week-4-game
The projct this time was to create an RPG game that would play well in a web brower. This was the first time I set goals for myself that I was unable to reach in the time alloted. Since I am an avid gamer, to me, Overwatch was the obvious choice. I made the game with a black background with an overwatch overlay throughout. I then set off the text in neon blue in order to make the words pop out. Then came the tough part. I picked four characters from the game and gave them values for attack, health and counterattack. The thinking was the user would select a champion and their first opponent. The user would click the attack button and strike the opponent dealing the damage value we had created and subtracting that value from the opponents health. At the same time that you clicked the button the opponent would counter attack which would subtract the opponents counter attack value from the user selected champions health. Once both opponents were defeated or you were the game would end and a reset function would run which would allow you to try again. The only wrinkle was that the user would double their attack power for each successive strike. Aigned with this the user would want to pick the character with the lowest counter attack value first so the users champion could tank the hits and build up their attack power. Following that, they would be able to one hit the last champion picked.
I created an object that contained arrays with all of the information for the heroes. After an attacker was chosen their sprite would move to the attacker spot. Then the attacker would choose an opponent whose sprite would do the same. At this point the attack button would be live. You would attack until either you are the opponent were dead. After the opponent died you would click a new opponent to fight. Once all opponents health had been reduced to zero or your own has, you recieve an alert and a reload function activates allowing you to replay.
